Mr Forbes I'm so sorry
I didn't expect you to come in person
these gold diggers gold diggers
her yes
they were basically buying everything in the store
on your black card
and I knew you would never give it out
you're absolutely right
I will never give out my black card
because I'm very terrified of gold diggers
especially those who spent 150 k
on clothes instead of medical supplies
like I intended is that what she did
shameless unless
of course that gold digger is your future wife
of course wait
what Mister Forbes
what can I say happy wife
happy life right
I'm so sorry if I had known
if they had told me we did or we tried to
Mister Forbes I'm
I'm so sorry please
I can't I can't afford to lose
please don't ask me ask her
that's Blair Rose her family owns the entire mall
Mrs rose
I'm so sorry Mr Fox
I'm so sorry
please please
you look beautiful together